[datadog_tag_indexing_rule] Add tag indexing rule, exemption, and order resources (#3863)
DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog: docs/resources/tag_indexing_rule.md

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "datadog_tag_indexing_rule" "example" {
  name                = "Index env and service tags for all web metrics"
  metric_name_matches = ["web.*", "http.*"]
  tags                = ["env", "service", "version"]
  exclude_tags_mode   = false

  options {
    version = 1
    data {
      manage_preexisting_metrics = true
      override_previous_rules    = false
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metric_name_matches` (List of String) Metric name prefixes (glob patterns) this rule applies to.
- `name` (String) Human-readable name for the rule.

### Optional

- `exclude_tags_mode` (Boolean) When true, the rule excludes the listed tags and indexes all others. When false (default), the rule includes only the listed tags. Defaults to `false`.
- `ignored_metric_name_matches` (List of String) Metric name prefixes excluded from the rule's scope.
- `options` (Attributes) Versioned configuration options for the rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options))

> - `tags` (List of String) Tag keys managed by this rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `tags` (List of String) Tag keys this rule includes or excludes, depending on exclude_tags_mode.
```

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Timestamp when the rule was created.
- `created_by_handle` (String) Handle of the user who created the rule.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `modified_at` (String) Timestamp when the rule was last modified.
- `modified_by_handle` (String) Handle of the user who last modified the rule.
- `rule_order` (Number) Evaluation order within the org. Lower values are evaluated first. Server-assigned on create; use `datadog_tag_indexing_rule_order` to control ordering.

<a id="nestedatt--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`

Required:

> - `data` (Attributes) Options data payload. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options--data))

Reviewer: suggesting something a bit more descriptive
```suggestion
- `data` (Attributes) Behavioral options for how the rule applies to metrics, including backfill and override behavior. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options--data))
```

- `version` (Number) Options schema version. Only `1` is supported.

<a id="nestedatt--options--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options.data`

Optional:

- `dynamic_tags` (Attributes) Configuration for including dynamically queried tags. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options--data--dynamic_tags))
- `manage_preexisting_metrics` (Boolean) When true, the rule applies to metrics ingested before the rule was created.
- `metric_match` (Attributes) Criteria for matching metrics based on query state. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options--data--metric_match))
- `override_previous_rules` (Boolean) When true, this rule's tag list overrides tags configured by earlier rules for the same metric.

<a id="nestedatt--options--data--dynamic_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options.data.dynamic_tags`

Optional:

> - `queried_tags_window_seconds` (Number) Window in seconds for evaluating queried tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `queried_tags_window_seconds` (Number) Lookback window for determining which tags were recently queried
```
